chore: make the development process easier with Storybook (#541)
api-platform/admin: CONTRIBUTING.md

> You can now hack in the cloned repository of `api-platform-admin`.

#### Running Admin Through Storybook

> If you do not have an existing project, you can contribute by visualizing directly the changes you made the sources through [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/). 

Reviewer: suggestion:

```suggestion
If you do not have an existing project, you can use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) to visualize changes in the source code, and test them. 
```

This development stack consists of two Docker containers: 
- `pwa`: containing the `<Admin>` sources and Storybook;
- `php`: holding the API sources.

> Additionally, this method allows testing the integration between Api-platform and the `admin` component by writing stories, scenarios and tests.

Reviewer: nitpick:

```suggestion
Additionally, this method allows testing the integration between API Platform and the `admin` component by writing stories, scenarios and tests.
```

Install everything:

```shell
docker compose up
```

> Before accessing the Storybook instance, make sure to go to https://localhost to accept the self-signed certificate. Once it's done, you'll see the API documentation running on a customized version of Swagger UI.

Reviewer: Actually, because of this line https://github.com/marmelab/api-platform-admin/blob/chore/add-jwt-backend-and-stories/api/frankenphp/docker-entrypoint.sh#L5, the `vendor` folder was not updated. Removing it to force updating the dependencies fixed the issue.

Now you can go to http://localhost:3000/ to see the Storybook instance in action. The changes you'll make in the source code will be hot-reloaded.

To access run a command directly inside a container, run:
```shell
# Run a command in the php container 
docker compose exec -T php your-command

# Run a command in the pwa container
docker compose exec -T pwa your-command
```

### Testing Your Changes

Before sending a Pull Request, make sure the tests pass correctly.

#### With Linked Sources

> If you have chosen to link `admin` sources, simply run:

Reviewer: If my understanding is correct, `yarn test` should pass regardless of whether you have linked the sources or not. Same applies for Storybook tests I believe.

```console
yarn test
```

#### With Admin Through Storybook

If you have chosen to develop with Storybook, you have to build the CI stack first:

```console

> docker compose docker compose -f compose.yaml -f compose.ci.yaml up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose up
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docker compose -f compose.yaml -f compose.ci.yaml up
```

IIUC

```

> Once the containes are healthy, run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the containers are healthy, run 
```

```console

> # fonctional tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# functional tests
```

docker compose exec -T pwa yarn test

# End to end tests (Running with Storybook interactions https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories/play-function)

> docker compose exec -T pwa yarn storybook:test --url http://127.0.0.1:3000

Reviewer: I realize that's because I assumed you made a copy paste error here: https://github.com/api-platform/admin/pull/541#discussion_r1557841834
But actually using the ci image was intended, and with that config it works. 
Still, I find it kind of odd to use the ci config even for local development. Maybe we should organize our docker config differently?

> docker compose exec -T pwa yarn storybook:test --url http://127.0.0.1:3000

Reviewer 2: Indeed, as Docker is only used for dev, maybe can we merge `compose.yaml` and `compose.ci.yaml`. This will simplify everything.
